blosc~=1.7
dask-kubernetes~=0.11.0
dask-ml~=1.4,<1.9.0
dask[complete]~=2021.11.2
lz4~=3.0
vaex~=4.0
yellowbrick~=1.1
lifelines~=0.25.0
# plotly artifact body in 5.12.0 may contain chars that are not encodable in 'latin-1' encoding
# so, it cannot be logged as artifact (raised UnicodeEncode error - ML-3255)
plotly~=5.4, <5.12.0
pyod~=0.8.1
pytest~=6.0
scikit-multiflow~=0.5.3
scikit-optimize~=0.8.1
scikit-image~=0.16.0
numexpr~=2.6
sympy~=1.5
pymysql~=1.0
lightgbm~=3.0
graphviz~=0.20.0
opencv-python-headless~=4.0
pyhive @ git+https://github.com/v3io/PyHive.git@v0.6.999
v3io-generator @ git+https://github.com/v3io/data-science.git#subdirectory=generator
astropy>=5.3.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
ipython>=8.10.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jinja2>=3.1.4 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
joblib>=1.1.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
jupyter-core>=4.11.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
mistune>=2.0.3 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
nbconvert>=6.3.0b0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
notebook>=6.4.12 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
numba>=0.49.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
numpy>=1.22.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pillow>=9.2.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
prompt-toolkit>=3.0.13 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
pygments>=2.15.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
scikit-learn>=0.24.2 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
scipy>=1.10.0rc1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
setuptools>=70.0.0 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
tornado>=6.4.1 # not directly required, pinned by Snyk to avoid a vulnerability
